you have to go through here if you steal the
beach are on Thursday 27th June
2013 they bring the new skin
legendary to unite is this that you have
here it's very, very cool, the truth is
he liked the price that goes to
have is going to be 23 thousand 250 as
legendary and I also put you here a
image with the four icons that you are going to
can have if you buy this skin
legendary
now let's see the animations
this is the 1 the 2
the dance
and laughter
and now let's see the skills in
active
let's see let's go for the first one so that
you see well the effects of light and everything
what are we going to see the first
let's see the turtle
Bear
and the phoenix
well you see that the skills are
very pretty they have been visually very
cool and the character itself also
agreement now finally lord recall
so you can see that he is also very
curred
and nothing this is the presentation of the
new legendary skin to unite vale and
now I'm going to move on to a couple of changes
that there is also in the pp and I leave the video
for today it will be short but
interesting so far, well, since
I'm here with you if it's up to you
turn to a small change in the
description of that carneri is in the w
ok in the crystal inn skeleton you have
changed if you notice is that you put meat
nor schilder is worth it before I put that
was gel health that is to change the
Health word for shield worth is not
nothing either very strong but it is a
change and finally already a change there
a if they go to the ultimate
and we'll finish today's video we're going to
there
Well, I'm already here with the last
change that you have if you are going to go have
basically changed the passive of
dragon of this that is the last of
agreement what they have done is that when
we make the basic attacks we generate
two points of rage before I was in 2 2
and a half and 3 is worth a small inert or
in the fury generator of the ultimate
if they are going to anything this is today's video
I hope you liked to like
an favorites as always to subscribe and
see you in the next video up
then